Analyze safe and dangerous aspects of these features.
Analyze the characteristics of frogs.
Analyze the movements and sounds of a frog.
Analyze the problem, identifying its variables.
Break down the components of a standard film camera and explain how they interact to make the machine work.
Break down the main actions of the story.
By comparing the map of the tectonic plates to the earthquake map, what inferences can you make?
Can you compare your . . . with that presented in . . .?
Can you distinguish between . . .?
Can you explain what must have happened when . . .?
Can you find four different feelings Pa Lia had during the story?
Compare and contrast animals that the class has made.
Compare and contrast our school to other communities.
Compare and contrast preview questions, clarifying questions and anticipated exam questions, including how each relates to the notetaking process? 
Compare and contrast the waterfall model with the prototyping model.
Compare and contrast two characters in the book.
Compare fall and spring
Compare herbatious and carnivorous animals on a Venn diagram.
Compare how different children come to school.
Compare the place where the story happened with where you live.
Compare this book to the last book you read.
Compare three celebrations using a Venn diagram.
Compare two dog food commercials. What is the difference between them and how do they both sell their products?
Compare two of the characters in this book.
Conduct an investigation to produce information to support a view.
Contrast building in the coastal zone with building in a river floodplain.
Contrast Olympic athletes of today with athletes of past Olympic games.
Differentiate between .call by value and call by reference.
Differentiate printf function calls for displaying prompts and for echoing data.
Distinguish between micro and macro economics.
Distinguish facts from hypotheses
Divide the story into initiating event, rising action, climax, and falling action
Examine what helps to make a good Olympics? Think about money, schedules, sports and people.
Explain the term conjugal families, by making reference to the different types of societies to which they could belong.
analyze the positive and negative points presented concerning the abolition of guns and write a brief (2-page) narrative of your analysis.
Differentiate the passages that attacked a political opponent personally, and those that attacked an opponent's political programs.
How does your pet differ from other animals?
How does...compare/contrast with...?
How is . . . similar to . . .?
How was life different in your town 00 years ago?
How was this similar to . . .?
How would this story be different if it had happened in a different country?
How would you distinguish between polymyositis and viral myositis in a 2-year-old man with weakness and a rash?
If your story happened in a foreign land, compare that land to the United States.
If your story occurred long ago, compare that time with today in a good paragraph. If it was a modern story, compare it with a long time ago and tell what would be different.
Investigate innovations that can enhance future Olympics.
Make a diagnosis or analyze a case study.
Select the athlete of the century and analyze why you chose this person.
If interest were compounded monthly instead of daily, what would the difference in interest be?
What are the parts or features of...?
Distinguish between the following giving suitable examples
Distinguish between abstract date types (ADTs) and implementations of ADTs
How do you distinguish between the binge-eating/purging type of anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, purging type
How does Tdap differ from Td vaccine
How does autonomy differ with age
In what ways do female offenders differ from male offenders
in what ways trajectory patterns differ according to ABC
How do psychologists differ in their general attitudes toward third party presence
How did Chinese newspapers differ from US
How does public health reporting differ today from reporting two years before
How does an endorsement differ from a teaching certificate
How do we differentiate between genuine buyer and undercover buyer
How do we differentiate between an interview and an interrogation?
Differentiate between the following terms along with appropriate examples
Differentiate the following functions using the quotient rule
Can you differentiate between ethnic Chinese and ethnic Koreans
How would you differentiate obstructive apneas from central apneas
How would you differentiate a project from a program
How is scientific progress similar to Darwinian evolution according to Kuhn
in what ways is oxyperoxidase similar to other oxygenated heme proteins, and how does it differ
In what ways are foxes similar to wolves and dogs
How are the adolescents with ASD similar of different from each other in their sources of communication breakdowns ?
Examine the data in the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables
Examine the differences between the model excluding the most influential observation and the model including all observations.
Critically examine the strengths and weaknesses of the positivist paradigm
Examine differences between the means of each individual switching factor.
Examine carefully the given map extract on the following page to help you work out the exercise below.
Inspect each of these Boolean expressions, and determine whether each one is a sum of products, or a product of sums
Inspect the size of the loaded data: how many objects and variables does the iris data matrix contain?
Can you distinguish for me between what is reasonably  achievable and what are  exaggerations
Can you distinguish aged rums from unaged rums by smell
Can you distinguish pot still rums from column still rums by taste
Inspect the pattern of GPS positions relative to the “known” published value
How does your agency inspect against its expectation for operators 
How to inspect and maintain fresh water plumbing systems properly
Can you analyze the fractures and determine which should be repaired surgically
Can you please analyze modern contemporary culture and tell me how your work plays a significant part in the remains of our post-modernist culture ?
How effectively did students analyze course content on race, class, and privilege through autobiographical reflection
How do you analyze a marginally RCT 
Contrast the treatment of "well known" trademarks provided by Paris Article and by TRIPS Article 
Contrast the Valles Marineris on Mars with the Grand Canyon
How does Hawaii contrast and compare to Florida?
Investigate whether or not the system can be solved for x; y; z 
Investigate (pointwise) convergence and absolute convergence of the given series of functions
How would you investigate this patient
How would you investigate this abnormality
What can I do to investigate this problem further
how the investigation was undertaken
How would you differentiate between heterodox and mainstream
How do I differentiate between "deceive" and "cheat on"?
Why would an economist object to including overhead costs in CMA analysis?
Scenario analysis is a way of testing forecasts by changing one assumption at a time. Is it True or False?
Define what is market segmentation and describe how important this concept is to a purely online business.
Development in critical thinking is a quick process.
What does PETEL mean in business? Give some examples.
What is industrial analytical chemistry?
Explain the impact that directional goals and motivated skepticism have on hot cognition.
What happens to the brain, biologically speaking, when a massive amount of advanced mathematics, logic and/or philosophy is studied?
What is the relationship between physiology and cognition in psychology?
There are five categories of human cognitive performance. List all five and describe in detail the cognitive strategies.
Discuss the relationship between intelligence and cognitive performance.
Is Psychology about what is happening in our brain, mind, or cognition?
What are some problems with introspection as a method of studying cognition?
Discuss the importance of prototypes and schemas in cognition
Is case-based learning social or cognitive?
Can one prepare for a cognitive ability test? If yes, how so? If no, why not?
Describe, with examples, the three levels of category hierarchies
Is play a sign of cognition in animals?
What are the implications of Vygotsky's and Piaget's theories for the adult learner?
What piece of equipment, machine, process, product or customer is experiencing trouble?  Name it
What is the problem you see or that has been reported to you?  Name it, too
Where is the problem occurring?  Name the actual physical location
Where do you see the problem (on or in) the equipment, machine, process, product or application?  Locate as precisely as you can.
What time did the problem start, or, when was the first time you saw the problem, and then, how many times after that first time has it happened?  Timing is everything is problem solving.
Have you ever had this same problem before?  Is so, how many times have you had to fix it, and when?
What was happening when the problem occurred?  Was it during normal operations, start-up, shut-down, first customer use, etc.?  Specify what was going on.
How many identical or similar pieces of equipment, machines, processes, or products have this same problem?  How widespread is this problem?
How many total problems or defects are you seeing?
What is the trend?  Is this problem getting better, getting worse or staying the same, and at what measure – e.g. units per hour; the number of defects; the number or customer complaints; etc.?
What is the difference between data analyst and business analyst?
List the core competencies of a Business Analyst.
What is a feasibility study?
What are the different tools used in Business Analytics?
Explain the business analysis process flow.
How do you perform risk management in your project?
Differentiate between risk mitigation and risk avoidance.
What are the different phases of an IT project?
Differentiate between a software development life cycle and a project life cycle.
What are the tasks and responsibilities of a Project Manager?
What do you mean by critical path analysis?
How does CATWOE help in business analysis and decision making?
Lists various components of strategy analysis.
What is business modeling?
Lists various software engineering process.
Differentiate between agile and waterfall models.
What Is RUP methodology?
What is RAD methodology?
What is the purpose of Requiremnet Traceability Matrix?
Lists the benefits of business processing models.
What is the use of UML?
