Evaluation
After designing an experiment, examining the results, and drawing conclusions, determines in what ways the experiment could be conducted more effectively in order to draw more productive conclusions in the future.       
After examining the videotape of a play in a football game, determine the degree to which the defensive team performed effectively?
After solving a problem, determine the degree to which the problem was solved as efficiently as possible ?
Appraise data in support of a hypothesis.
Appraise the speech's effectiveness based upon the class' criteria.
Are there students who should not use the Cornell method?
Are you a . . . person?
Assess the appropriateness of an author's conclusions based on the evidence given.
Assess the importance of understanding seasonal patters.
Assess the relative effectiveness of different graphical representations of the same data or biological concept.
Assess the strengths and weaknesses of the current Olympics and recommend action that should be taken in future Olympics: What can be
Award the contract to the best proposal. Rank the principles of "good sportsmanship" in order of importance to you.
Can you defend the idea that Simon's incident with the pig's head is the most mystical in the story?
Can you defend your position about . . .?
Choose a paint schedule for the maintenance of an outdoor structure? (level 2) 
Choose and illustrate the two most important events in the story.
Conclude and support which economic system leads to a higher standard of living.
Construct a poster that will advertise your new food product in an exciting and irresistible way.
Critique an experimental design or a research proposal.
Critique the other student's (or your own) speech, based on the criteria we have studied this semester.
Decide whether you are in favor of building on a floodplain; defend your position in a debate.
Decide whether you could have survived on the island blind and alone. Write about things that would have been challenging making sure to
Decide whether you learned enough about electricity from this book.
Decide which candidate would best fill the position of principal.
Decide which course of action was most effective 
Decide which method of solving a problem was most effective 
Defend the following claim: The Cornell method works so well that it could turn even a poor lecture into a valuable learning experience.
Defend your use of a specific strategy in solving the problem.
Describe the economic consequence of a neolocal society. Support your description with information you have learned from this course.
Design a healthy menu that you think most people would enjoy using the healthy eating guide.
Determine if a character’s actions were heroic 
Do you agree...?
Do you think . . . is a good or a bad thing?
Establish criteria for making this choice and defend your final selection.
Evaluate a work of art, giving the reasons for your evaluation.
Evaluate appropriate and inappropriate actions of characters.
Evaluate board games and justify why rules are important.
Evaluate the corrosion monitoring needs of a chemical processing plant 
Evaluate the level of galvanic coupling between two metals using basic kinetic information? (level 4) 
Evaluate two Internet sources of information about the Egyptians. Which would be a better choice for your purpose and why?
Evaluate whether their model is a true representation of the local environment.
Evaluate your own or a peer's essay in terms of the principles of composition discussed during the semester.
Examine the stated positions of both major political candidates with regard to a particular issue and state good reasons (based on principles discussed in class) for why one candidates position is more likely to be effective than the other's.
Explain and justify a new budget.
Explain choices made in making recommendations to an end user.
Given an argument on any position, enumerate the logical fallacies in that argument.
Given the data available on a research question, take a position and defend it.
Given the data we've looked at on this topic, evaluate how appropriate this conclusion is and defend your answer.
Given the two solutions to the stated programming problem, rate the solutions in  terms of efficiency and readability.
Given three possible approaches to implement the defined system, discuss the possible advantages and disadvantages of each approach.
Given two possible solutions, A and B, to solving the given software development problem, decide on the best solution. Give your justification.
How effective are . . .?
How would you decide about...?
How would you feel if . . .?
How would you have handled . . .?
improved, reformed or rejected?
In a given clinical situation, select the most reasonable intervention and predict the main effects and possible side effects.
Is there a better solution to . . .?
Judge aesthetic qualities and relationship to future values.
judge the difficulty level for yourself.
Judge the value of . . .?
Judge whether it would be possible to survive on an island alone and blinded. Write about it.
Judge whether Olympic Ideals are realistic or unrealistic for the contemporary elite athlete.
Justify and nominate ways to prevent animal extinction.
Justify the title To Kill a Mockingbird .
Listen to two classmates conversing on tape and critique their performance on the basis of the skills covered this semester.
Place the following in order of priority...
Predict what will happen next in.
Predict whether Phillip will ever go back to visit the Cay after several years of recovery. Assuming he gets his sight back.
Recommend how our classroom or playground could be improved.
Select the best proposal for a proposed water treatment plant.
Select the most effective solution.
suggest ways in which it could have responded more effectively
decide about the most exciting part of the book. being sure to give at least three reasons why?
Use a judge and jury to discuss the statement 'Children enjoy Anthony Browne's books because of the illustrations'.
Using straight value depreciation, decide between two copper-nickel alloys for the design of a heat exchanger.  
Using the basic principles of socialism discussed in this course, evaluate the US economic system by providing key arguments to support your judgment.
Was Hemingway a great American writer? First you will need to define greatness.
What changes to . . . would you recommend?
What criteria would you use to assess the validity of a business contract?
What criteria would you use to assess...?
What do you think about . . .?
What is part of this book did you like best. Tell why you like it?
What is the most important...?
Which of the following actions would probably be least effective in determining the answer? 
Which of the two algorithms, bubblesort or quicksort, is more efficient? Justify your answer.
Would you have liked to have had Cinderella for a sister? Explain why or why not.
Write a list of criteria to judge the Willy raps.
Revise the story and specify the type of audience that would enjoy this book.
stimate the epicentral coordinates of the earth-quake
Estimate the risk of serious illness for consumers in different susceptible population groups
Estimate expenditure on HIV/AIDS education
Estimate the difficulty of the question
Estimate roughly how long the collision process takes
What do you think is the best thing about coming to Viestal?
What do you think is the mass and why
What do you think are the strengths of using integrated math in your program?
Do you think that this statement conveys the idea that i am trying to portray
How do you think the community should grow or change
How Do You Think One Should Reason in Making Ethical Decisions in Business
How is the program being implemented?
How appropriate are the processes compared with quality standards?
Is the program being implemented correctly?
Are participants being reached as intended?
How satisfied are program clients?
What has been done in an innovative way?
How well did the program work?
Did the program produce or contribute to the intended outcomes in the short, medium and long term?
For whom, in what ways and in what circumstances?
What unintended outcomes (positive and negative) were produced?
To what extent can changes be attributed to the program?
What was the influence of other factors?
What were the particular features of the program and context that made a difference?
What has been the ratio of costs to benefits?
What is the most cost-effective option?
Is the program the best use of resources?
Has the intervention been cost-effective (compared to alternatives)?
To what extent does the program address an identified need?
How well does the program align with government and agency priorities?
Does the program represent a legitimate role for government?
To what extent is the program achieving the intended outcomes, in the short, medium and long term?
To what extent is the program producing worthwhile results (outputs, outcomes) and/or meeting each of its objectives?
Do the outcomes of the program represent value for money?
To what extent is the relationship between inputs and outputs timely, cost-effective and to expected standards?
How is the Strategy contributing to family and community strength in the short-term, medium-term, and longer-term?
To what extent has the Strategy produced unintended outcomes (positive and negative)?
What were the costs and benefits of the Strategy relative to similar national and international interventions?
What were the particular features of the Strategy that made a difference?
What is helping or hindering the initiatives to achieve their objectives?
How can the Strategy achieve better outcomes?
What else is helping or hindering the Strategy to achieve its objectives and outcomes?
How does the Strategy contribute to the achievement of outcomes in conjunction with other initiatives, programs or services in the area?
Have the short-term outcomes been achieved?
Have the medium-term outcomes been achieved?
What makes this program unique? 
Who are the program participants? 
To what extent do program staff hold required safety certifications? 
In what ways did program operations differ from the original plan?
Which groups benefitted most from the program?
To what extent is programming making a difference in the lives of children, youth and families?
To what extent are children, youth and caregivers participating in programming?
In what ways did program planners consider equitable access to care?  
What contribution has the program made to meeting the targets for the Sustainable Development Goal “ensure healthy lives and wellbeing at all ages?"
In what ways has the project affected patient safety?
To what extent are patients receiving appropriate preventative screening?
How effective are interdisciplinary teams? 
How efficient is the patient flow through arrival to admission?
How quickly can patients access the service?
To what extent does the program affect mobility?
How do quality of life outcomes compare to norms in the region?
To what extent do patients experience an easy referral process?
To what extent is the organization demonstrating leadership in community health planning?
How has the program impacted pathways to and from primary care?
How has the campaign impacted local awareness of the incentive program?
To what extent did the initiative create unintended outcomes?
Which of the three program options was the most cost-effective?
For how long do sponsored companies maintain these new practices?
How well do the program’s messages resonate with local understanding of forest use?
How has the program expanded access to affordable sustainable energy?
To what extent has recycling capacity increased?
In what ways have residents changed their use of plastics?
How well aligned are the program activities with the regional strategy?
What impact has this process had on emissions in the northeast region? 
How well prepared were students upon program entry? 
What changes in organizational performance can be attributed to the training program?
To what extent do trainees report changes in confidence? 
What factors most drove learner success?
How accurate do students feel their assessments were?
How have trainees applied the lessons from the course?
How successful are program graduates in achieving certification?
To what extent did the course deliver content students expected?
To what extent are partners collaborating?  
How engaged are local leaders in contributing to the network?
How well do chosen outcomes resonate with each partner?
How have the initiatives affected quality of life?
To what extent has the collective impact been measured?
How confident are partners that they can achieve the intended outcomes?
How long do agencies’ collaborative relationships last?
Were learners satisfied in terms of convenience, comfort of the facilities and quality of presenters?
Did learners feel that the amount of information and resource materials provided met their needs?
Will learners report increased involvement of faculty as facilitators?
Will patients report satisfaction with the communication skills of learners?
Will learners apply the communication skills model in real clinical encounters?
Will faculty role-model effective communication skills in clinical encounters?
Will learners self-assess their strengths and weaknesses in real patient encounters?
Will learners demonstrate effective communications skills in standardized clinical encounters?
Will learners report understanding of the impact communication skills have on patient outcomes?
Will learners be able to demonstrate a new skill by the end of the training program?
Will learners demonstrate increased knowledge related to the program content?
Were learners more confident in their ability to address the issues presented during the program?
Were learners satisfied with the program and feel it was a good use of their time?
How did community members or clients perceive the program?
How did staff members perceive the program?
What are key lessons learned?
What program activities were not completed and why? If activities changed, why did they change?
Who facilitated the implementation of the program?
What were the barriers and challenges that affected program implementation?
How did staff members perceive the program?
What other organizations is the program collaborating with, including subcontractors?
How did the philanthropy support the program?