About what proportion of the population of the US is living on farms?
Correctly label the brain lobes indicated on the diagram below
Define compound interest.
Define four types of traceability.
Define mercantilism.
Define stream bank, floodplain and substrate.
Define the meaning of the Olympic Motto.
Draw and label a diagram of a typical stream.
Draw the basic outline of a page of notes using the Cornell Method?
Draw the block diagram of the central processing unit 
Draw the flow chart of the PNK system
How many instructions in the instruction set of RISC computer?
How many kilometers from your home to the university
l
How many states are there in USA
How many years does this animal live?
How much data can be stored in the cach memory
How much did he pay for his car
How much is your weight
How much time did he took to build a house
How much water does an elephant drink
Identify a phrase as a simile
Identify a property (commutative, additive, etc(
Identify fractions from a pictorial representation
Identify ordinal positions
Identify the correct definition of osmosis.
Identify the five major prophets of the Old Testament.
Identify the part of a eukaryotic cell.
Identify the standard peripheral components of a computer.
Identify which word begins with the same sound as the s in sun (Knowledge of letter s)
in which continent does the state of suriname fall
In which countries is arabic language spoken
In Which part of the world does he live 
Label any Olympic sporting apparatus with design features.
Label the parts of the following insects: Grasshopper
Label the parts of the microscope shown on the right
List four types of clauses mentioned in the article
List reserved words in C programming.
List the characteristics peculiar to the Cubist movement.
List the levels in Bloom's Taxonomy.
List the procedure to draw a mixed potential or Evans' diagram
List the steps involved in titration.
List three characteristics that are unique to the Cubist movement.
List three predominant economic systems that exist
Look at the symbol. What is the symbol’s purpose on a map?
Make a list of facts you learned from the story.
Name 5 steps that follow the taking of notes (within 24 hours or less)?
Name the artist who painted the Mona Lisa.
Name the food groups and at least two items of food in each group.
Name the four major food groups.
Name the main characters in the story.
Name the property that states that
Please label the diagram below:
Recall basic math facts
Recall locations of a historical events
Recall the definition of the formula datatype from your assignment 2.
Recall the equation for the Ideal Gas Law.
Recall the following pictoral example of an implementation of some queue operations
recall the supply voltage constraints
Recite a policy of immigration in Europe .
Recite the poem "Auto Wreck".
Recite the principles of the Data Protection Act.
Recite the the Gaussian law
State four attributes of well engineered software.
State how to find a word in a dictionary
State the characteristics of each type of corrosion testing studied
State the definition of application in Bloom's Taxonomy.
State the formula for the area of a circle
State the guidelines to design an anodic protection system
State the pattern for expressing time in French.
State the rule for balls and strikes in baseball.
State the rule for using a semicolon in a sentence.
What are major facts about particular cultures and societies
What are the major products and exports of countries
What are the representational symbols on maps and charts
What are the structure or functions of Congress
What are the units of corrosion penetration rates? Relate these to Faraday's law
What does ICT stands for.
What is  your family name
What is a global variable?
What is a textual index
What is the setting of To Kill a Mockingbird?
What is the title of the first movie you saw 
What season are we in right now?
when did saudi arabia start using internet
when did the first saudi radio station open
When did the second world war happen 
When did you born ?
when was the first airport in the yemen built
when was the UN formed 
Which of the following is the method for determining the volume of a cylinder?
Which of the following item does not belong to the set ?
Which of the two liquids is hypotonic 
which part of a data packet is used by a router to determine the destination network
Which technology is used by laser printer
Who is the first president   of USA
who is the founder of the kingdom of saudi Arabia
who was the first man on the moon
who was the first to compose in the arts of makamat
Who was the writer of the Hamilton 
Which animal is known as the 'Ship of the Desert"?
How many days are there in a week?
How many hours are there in a day?
How many letters are there in the English alphabet?
Rainbow consist of how many colours?
How many days are there in a year?
How many minutes are there in an hour?
How many seconds are there in a minute?
How many seconds make one hour?
Baby frog is known as
How many consonants are there in the English alphabet?
How many vowels are there in the English alphabet and name them?
Which animal is known as the king of the jungle?
Name the National bird of India?
Name the National animal of India?
What is the National Anthem of India?
Name the national flower of India?
Name the National fruit of India?
What is the National song of India?
Who designed the National Flag of India?
Name the National game of India?
Name the National tree of India?
Name the National river of India?
Name the National Reptile of India?
What is the capital of India?
Name the biggest continent in the world?
How many continents are there in the world?
Name the primary colours?
Which is the smallest month of the year?
Name the house made of ice?
Which colour symbolises peace?
Name the largest mammal?
How many sides are there in a triangle?
Name the largest planet of our Solar System?
Name the place known as the Roof of the World?
Who was the first Prime Minister of India?
Who is the first woman prime minister of India?
Who is the first citizen of India?
How many states are there in India?
How many Union Territories are there in India?
How many years are there in one Millenium?
Name the first man to walk on the Moon?
what is this?
Name the Oceans of the World?
Name the densest jungle in the world?
Which festival is called the festival of colours?
What is the Isosceles triangle?
What type of gas is absorbed by plants?
How many days a February month have in the leap year?
Name the longest river on the Earth?
Name the smallest continent?
Which is the principal source of energy for the Earth?
Anti-clockwise is it from left or right?
Name the planet nearest to the Earth?
Which festival is known as the festival of light?
Name a bird that lays the largest eggs?
Which is the National Aquatic Animal of India?
Name the National Heritage Animal of India?
Which is the tallest mountain in the world?
Who invented Radio?
Who invented electricity?
Which continent is known as the ‘Dark’ continent?
Name the planet known as the Red Planet?
Who wrote "Malgudi Days"?
Name the National game of the USA?
Who invented Watch?
Name the largest 'Democracy' of the world?
Which is the smallest bone in the human body?
Name the country known as the Land of the Rising Sun?
How many millimetres are there in a centimetre?
Name the hardest substance available on Earth?
Name a shape that has ten sides?
Name the largest ocean in the World?
Who is the real founder of Microsoft?
Who gave the theory of Relativity?
Who is the Father of our Nation?
Who discovered the X-rays first?
Who gave the universal law of gravitation?
What is a telescope?
Name a natural satellite of Earth?
Who published the Human Development Index (HDI)?
When did the Indochina war take place?
Who was the last Viceroy of India?
The term "ecosystem" was first coined by
Name the nodal agency of the 'Fly Ash Management and Utilisation Mission'?
What is the theme of World Leprosy Day 2022?
Where is Lake Albert located?
The 'CLAP' programme was launched by which Indian state or UT?
What is a Wildlife Sanctuary?
Where is the Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary situated?
What is IVFRT Scheme?
Where is Zmiinyi Island, or Snake Island, located?
When was the Landholders' society established?
When was the All India Women's Conference (AIWC) launched by Margaret Cousins?
Which vitamins help in the clotting of blood?
For what purpose are antipyretic medicines used?
Who wrote “Masir-i-Alamgiri”?
Who built the Konark Sun Temple?
Who is the author of ‘Kalpasutra’?
Name an alloy of mercury?
When did Gemelli Careri, an Italian traveller, visit India?
What are leucoplasts?
Why do stars twinkle?
Name the parliament of Russia?
Who is the author of 'Home and the World'?
Consider the following statements regarding ATL Space Challenge 2021.
Who said the famous slogan, "Tum Mujhe Khoon Do, Main Tumhe Aazadi Dunga'?
What is the boiling point of 'Heavy Water'?
Which of the following city is known as the Manchester of South India?
Who introduced the Shaka era?
When is National Science Day Observed?
What is the theme of International Women's Day 2022?
When did the Bundela Revolt take place?
Name the component of blood that fights infection?
In which Indian state is Chauri Chaura village located?
What do you mean by "Proxima d"?
The Crimson Rose belongs to which species?
Where is the headquarter of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) located?
When was United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) established?
Name the elements that make up the xylem tissue?
Where is Hemis National Park situated?
What is  “Kilonova”?
When was Bhagat Singh executed?
Name the first English President of the Indian National Congress?
Name the tissue that forms the inner lining of the mouth?
What is the function of Ligament?
Who was the first man to fly across the channel
Who starred as Rocky Balboa 
In which war was the charge of the Light Brigade
Who invented the television 
Who would use a mashie niblick 
In the song who killed Cock Robin 
What do deciduous trees do 
In golf what name is given to the No 3 wood 
If you has caries who would you consult 
What other name is Mellor’s famously known by 
What did Jack Horner pull from his pie 
How many feet in a fathom 
which film had song Springtime for Hitler 
Name the legless fighter pilot of ww2 
What was the name of inn in Treasure Island 
What was Erich Weiss better known as 
Who sailed in the Nina - Pinta and Santa 
Which leader died in St Helena 
Who wrote Gone with the Wind Margaret 
What does ring a ring a roses refer to 
Whose nose grew when he told a lie Pinocchio
Who has won the most Oscars 
What would a Scotsman do with a spurtle 
Which award has the words for valour on it 
If you had pogonophobia what would you be afraid of 
Who would take silk as part of their job 
Who won an Oscar for the African Queen 
Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5 
What in business terms is the IMF
Ringo Star narrates which children's TV series 
Which country grows the most fruit 
Which company is owned by Bill Gates 
What would you do with a maris piper 
In Casablanca what is the name of the nightclub 
What was the first James Bond book 
What kind of animal is a lurcher 
What is the currency of Austria 
What is the Islamic equal to the red cross 
In fable who sold a cow for five beans 
How did Alfred Nobel make his money 
Who was the first man to run a sub four minute mile 
What are Munroes 
Which car company makes the Celica 
Air Lingus is the national airline of which country
Who discovered radium 
What does an alopecia sufferer lack 
Who painted The Haywain 
Triskadeccaphobia is the fear of what Number 
What is a baby rabbit called 
Which country had The Dauphin as a ruler 
Who did Michael Caine play in the Ipcress File (both names) 
Who won Euro song contest 
Which country had the guns of Naverone installed 
Ictheologists study what 
What is a Winston Churchill 
Who or what lives in a formicarium 
What type of acid is used in car batteries 
It’s a flock of sheep what's a group of owls called 
What animal would you find in a form 
Who in books and films was the man of bronze 
Who was Stan Laurels partner 
What kind of food is 
What is classified by the A B O system 
What plant does the Colorado beetle attack 
Where did the Pied Piper play 
To where in France do the sick make pilgrimages 
In which city was the famous black hole 
Christopher Cockerel invented what 
Ray Bolger played who in The Wizard of Oz 
Sabotage is French - What did the saboteurs use 
Which part of the human body contains the most gold 
If you had rubella what would you have caught 
Mohs scale hardest substance is diamond - what's the softest 
La Giaconda is better known as what 
